---
title: info
date: 2017-02-22 09:58 -0500
layout: post
tags:
  - info
published: true
---
Location:\
1525 N American Street\
Studio 104, Ray Philly\
Philly, PA

Hours: Wednesday – Sunday, 12pm – 6pm

A﻿bout\
Ulises is a bookshop and project space dedicated to artists’ books and independent art publications that explores the relationship between publics and publications. We provide an inventory of titles not widely distributed in the United States on contemporary art, graphic design, art theory, architecture, criticism, curatorial practice, and adjacent fields. We support people who make books and expand the boundaries of what art publishing can be.

Hosting projects, exhibitions, and residencies, Ulises’s open-ended programming explores publishing as an incubator for new forms of artistic, editorial, curatorial, and pedagogical practice. Ulises sees the democratic potential of publishing as a vehicle for activism, education, assembly, and exchange. 

The name Ulises is a tribute to the work and legacy of Ulises Carrión, a Mexican-born poet, conceptualist, and avant-garde artist who was an early pioneer and theorist of the artist’s book, and the founder of the Amsterdam based bookshop *Other Books and So* (1975–78).

Ulises was founded in 2016 by Nerissa Cooney, Lauren Downing, Joel Evey, Kayla Romberger, Gee Wesley, and Ricky Yanas. Additional contributors include Tim Belknap, Jody Harrington, and Nabil Kashyap.

I﻿nterested in consigning your publication with Ulises? \
[Submit your book for review](https://formfacade.com/public/112249199778780145474/all/form/1FAIpQLSe1SAV81fyD0-95YBEViGFzc2j3Bo9deIDyjHSNJV4hPIYSVQ)

Sign up for our news and give us a follow ↓